So you gave birth to a stillborn child.
Ah bitch a shameless thing
Have a fiancé
Are you still fooling around with other men?
How could I possibly fool around with other men?
It was Han Chen who met me here yesterday
Sister, what nonsense are you talking about?
Last night?
Brother Hanchen has been waiting for you all night at the writer
i
Not hate you
You're a fiasco now
Not worthy of marrying into the Mo family
Your marriage to Mo Hanquan is over
He won't agree
Oh my good sister
You don't know yet
I was already Han Chengge's person last night
You really don't love me
He wouldn't do that to me.
How many more questions do I have to ask?
Mr. Chen Douyin that little girl last night
Are you satisfied with it?
You see
Is this contract a hatred that has been advocated before?
Hey Mr. Chen
Are you kidding me like this?
I waited in my room all night and didn't see you
This little girl
I've been on fire all night and I've been unloaded
You tell me.
None of this is true.
Mr. Chen Mr. Chen
Aren't you here, little girl?
Now it's just the two of us.
You can do whatever you want.
Ahahahaha
What's wrong hahaha
He was the one who ruined my takeover that night
Yes ma'am
A Little Sioux City
A woman who breaks a door can also be contaminated with spirit beasts
Robbed this bitch's child
He can't get in the door
This is 5 million
Shut your mouth
Otherwise I hide
Ning Shao
The innocence of my police academy has been destroyed by you
Even the child was born
Really?
Why didn't I know this happened?
Tingting, come on
Lin Shao
Have you forgotten that night in Sioux City ten months ago?
Sioux City
Another stomach-churning woman
Go check who placed it.
I haven't congratulated our Young Master Ling yet.
Finally got rid of virginity
If you don't believe me
You can look at the paternity test.
You say
This is your baby.
Kicked out of the house by his biological father
Humiliated and tortured by her fiancé
Maybe my presence was a mistake from the beginning
It won't be so painful to die, right?
Maybe that's fine
Free when you die
This is the woman who sabotaged the eldest lady's plan
Is there still a child in my attached school alive?
I can't die.
Mommy, are we back for Daddy?
Yeah it's back to Daddy yeah yeah yeah